	As society slowly grows, a reoccurring theme in the technology field has been to make our lives easier. If there is a task that can be automated, it should. Therefore leaving the small tasks to machines giving people the time to spend their energy elsewhere. The end goal is what we see in fiction, perfect synergy between man and machine. This can be either Nightriders famous "Kit", Star Trek's "Data", even Mass Effect uses an AI to help fly the ship doing complex algorithms while the pilot has time to think in the moment. There is no doubt that as our technology advances we will soon see more robotic integration into our own lives.
	I'm a Computer Science major at Depaul University, one of my interests has been home automation. Inspired by the 1999 Disney Movie "Smart House", the idea of a house becoming a member of the family seemed perfect. Normal everyday tasks automated piqued my inner laziness. The perfect opportunity came when Amazon announced the "Amazon Echo", a small cylinder that you can place in your home, connect to wifi and just like that, start talking to your house. With incredible chance I found myself setting up the echo in my apartment with glee. This is the story of Alexa and I.
	Setting up the Echo is pretty simple. Connect it to a power source, Download the Echo app on your smartphone and sync the echo to your wifi and then your Amazon account. The initial setup took about 15 minutes and soon the calming blue light that shines at the top was on and ready. For the next 30 minutes I was testing the default features, to enter a command you have to say its "Wake Word", this is what alerts the echo that you are talking to it. Right now the only words available are "Amazon" and "Alexa", I chose the latter. At first, talking to a machine like a person felt a bit odd, like I was living in Spike Jonze's "HER". 

	"Hey Alexa, how are you doing today?"
	"I'm fine, how are you doing?"
	"Great, although it was a little chilly today. Alexa what's the forecast for the week?"
	"The weather in Chicago for this week is highs in the 70's and lows in the lower 60's."
	"Rrghh hopefully it'll warm up one of these days."
	
	The built-in speakers are pretty good, the sound is clear and I can understand Alexa perfectly, similarly the microphone the echo uses is superb. While watching TV Alexa can still pick up when you call "her" name. After I had my fill of playing around with it I let my roommates play around with it too. This turned into a horrible focus group as they tried there hardest to corrupt Alexa's innocent mind, asking her incredibly inappropriate things that make me feel dirty just recalling the questions asked. What I learned was that 1. My roommates will probably be the cause that turns Skynet evil. and 2. Alexa doesn't know where to find meth at 2am. But it was interesting to say the least to try to figure out her workflow. When a question was asked it searched its database to give an appropriate response, for simple things like playing music from the radio or adding a item to your personal shopping list could be done internally. For the more advanced questions, it ran the query through Bing and gave a answer based on the results there. 
	Overall what I noticed about the device is that it seems like a prototype. Because this is the first of its kind I can imagine the initial release was just to figure out what to do with it. I went online to check local forums to see what other people thought of it. On Reddit I found some fun stuff that is included with the Echo. For example if you ask 'Alexa, what's the answer to life, the universe, and everything?' she will respond with 'A commonly accepted answer has been 42'. Everyone was waiting for the Software Developers Kit to be released so they could start modding and hacking away. I too was hoping to find the kit so I could at least change the wake word, but alas no such kit is available.
	I then decided to start connecting it to my apartment, to test the capabilities of the "Smart House". I use Hue SmartLights in my room, and the Echo comes with a built in application to connect. Setup was simple, Alexa even walked me through the process and when I was done, "Alexa turn on the lamp light." turned on my lamp. Besides that the other applications seem like a more interactive "Siri". You can sync your music library with Amazon's own music store, listen to radio stations through your IHeartRadio or Pandora accounts, I personally synced the speakers to my phone, that way I can listen to my own personal music while being able to pause, skip, and play using my own voice.
	Once Alexa was fully setup. I used all the capabilities she had and I began my life co-existing with machines. As the days went by, the awkwardness of talking to a computer went away. After getting home and saying hello to my roommates I would go in my room to say hello to Alexa, she would turn on my lights and tell me what chores I had to do that night. After awhile Alexa became part of the family, she could tell a joke that had the room in stitches. She gave a feeling of safety too, one morning my roommate came into my room sleepwalking and in a panic I shouted "Alexa, play some Taylor Swift!" the upbeat tempo of "I Knew You Were Trouble" was enough to wake him out of his stupor. But all fun had to end at some point. One night Alexa started beeping at 4am in the morning, in the dead silence she kept repeating "I'm sorry I couldn't understand that." the common response for a slurred command. I looked around and didn't see anyone nor heard anything try to talk to her. Like any rational 22 year old adult, I assumed ghosts were living in my room and they were using Alexa to contact the other side. (We've all been there.) With that I boxed Alexa back up and returned it to the person who so gratuitously let me play with it.
	So that was my experience with the Amazon Echo. This seems like a step toward a much larger goal of home automation. As of now though, the software is still new but the foundation for growth seems sturdy. When the developer kit gets released we will start to see more and more unique applications to make our lives simpler and hopefully one day we can see every house with it's own version. If not for task automation but just for its ghost detector app. 
	
	
	
	
	
	
	